the injured crocodile is on the bank but
it's surrounded by other Crocs drawn in
by the meat nine crocodiles that have
been here this afternoon we have to lure
them somehow off to the left and at the
same time lure the wounded crocodile far
over to the right so that we can
separate them to drop the net yeah
that's definitely him that's the one I
can see the spear shaft oh man he's
looking very lethargic and not really
all that interested in the meat unlike
the other crocodiles so I would imagine
that he's suffering a lot you know these
poor old crocodiles no one really has
much love for a crocodile but they're
incredibly important part of this
ecosystem and keeping it all homeland
and diverse and healthy
the rescue team is running out of time
this is the last desperate attempt to
get this finished tonight
okay we're very closer few more like
that further away
wait wait yeah yep the nets down but the
crocodile is only partially snare can
you get under its feet oh no under that
federal yeah I mean it's not a good
position right now it's actually
wiggling its way out and going backwards
and is hanging right over the bank if
the crocodile falls into the river
wrapped in a net he'll drown the men are
being dragged towards the water you just
don't understand how strong these
creatures are they started with real men
trying to take the net around it and end
up ended up with about 30 all of whom
were being pulled down to us li river by
the crocodile they need to act quickly
this is what was inside him in the car
he's bent that metal and that was the
loop inside his gut but there's no sign
of infection to my own practice side now
we've had a big dose of antibiotic so
let's just hope this does the trick
yeah yeah with the spearhead removed the
crocodile can be released but there's a
snag
if it is almost completely out of the
net it's just as one rope that's kind of
stuck around the tail no it couldn't
one final tug on the rope by the
crocodiles